# ACL Anthology - Detailed Instructions

These are the detailed instructions on generating the ACL Anthology website as
seen on <https://aclanthology.info>.


## Generating the Anthology

The Anthology website is generated using the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) static
site generator.  However, before we can actually invoke Hugo, we need to prepare
the contents of the website.

### Step 1: Prepare the data for site generation

The data sources for the Anthology currently reside in the [`import/`](import/)
directory.  XML files contain the authoritative paper metadata, and additional
YAML files document information about venues and special interest groups (SIGs).
Before the Anthology website can be generated, all this information needs to be
converted and preprocessed for the static site generator.

This is achieved by calling:

```bash
$ python3 bin/create_hugo_yaml.py
```

This process can take between 20-30 seconds (when [C bindings for
PyYAML](http://rmcgibbo.github.io/blog/2013/05/23/faster-yaml-parsing-with-libyaml/)
are installed) and a couple of minutes (without the C bindings).

### Step 2: Create page stubs for site generation

The YAML files created in Step 1 are used by Hugo to pull in information about
venues/papers/etc., but they cannot be used to define what actual *pages* the
website should have.  Therefore, another script takes the YAML files generated
in Step 1 and produce stubs of pages for each individual paper, venue, etc.

This is achieved by calling:

```bash
$ python3 bin/create_hugo_pages.py
```

This script will produce *a lot* of files in the `hugo/content/` subdirectory
(at least one for each paper in the Anthology), and shouldn't take longer to run
than the script in Step 1.

### Step 3: Run Hugo

After the YAML data files and page stubs have been created, the website can be
built by simply invoking Hugo from the `hugo/` subdirectory.  Optionally, the
`--minify` flag can be used to create minified HTML output:

```bash
$ hugo --minify
```

Generating the website is quite a resource-hungry process, but should be
reasonably fast (*On my laptop, it uses about 4 GB of RAM and takes 25 seconds,
running on 4 CPU cores. --MB*).  The fully generated website will be in
`hugo/public/` afterwards.


## Making changes to the Anthology

### Content

If you need to make changes to the Anthology's content, the first step should be
to look at [the Anthology's data files](import/).  If the information is not
directly contained there, it is possible that it is derived during the YAML
conversion process (Step 1 of "Generating the Anthology").  In that case, check
the [Python `anthology` module](bin/anthology/) that reads in and interprets the
data files.

The static site tries to follow a strict *separation of content and
presentation.* That means if you do want to display additional data on a page,
if it is related to papers/venues/SIGs/etc., it should *never* be derived within
Hugo's website templates, but added somewhere in the YAML output that is
generated by [the `create_hugo_yaml.py` script](bin/create_hugo_yaml.py).


### Presentation

**TODO**

